docs: add jina new (#4313)
jina-ai/jina: docs/get-started/create-app.md

# Create a New Project

Let’s write a small application with our new Jina development environment. To start, we'll use Jina CLI to make a new project for us. In your terminal of choice run:

```bash
jina new hello-jina
```

This will generate a new directory called `hello-jina` with the following files:

```text
hello-jina
|- app.py
|- executor1/
        |- config.yml
        |- executor.py
```

`app.py` is the entrypoint of your Jina project. You can run it via `python app.py`. 

`executor1/` is where we'll write our Executor code.

`config.yml` is the config file for the Executor. It’s where you keep metadata for your Executor, as well as dependencies.

There may have some other files like `README.md`, `manifest.yml`  `requirements.txt` to provide extra meta information about that Executor. More information {ref}`can be found here<create-executor>`.

```python

> cd hell-jina

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd hello-jina
```

python app.py
```

You should see this in your terminal:

```bash
           Flow@99300[I]:🎉 Flow is ready to use!
	🔗 Protocol: 		GRPC
	🏠 Local access:	0.0.0.0:52971
	🔒 Private network:	192.168.0.102:52971
	🌐 Public address:	84.172.88.250:52971
['hello, world!', 'goodbye, world!']
```

## Adding dependencies

You can use any third-party Python library in Executor, let's create `executor1/requirements.txt` and `pytorch` to it.

Then in `executor.py`, let's add another endpoint `/get-tensor` as follows:

```python
import numpy as np
import torch

from jina import Executor, DocumentArray, requests

class MyExecutor(Executor):

    @requests(on='/get-tensor')
    def bar(self, docs: DocumentArray, **kwargs):

>         docs[0].tensor = torch.tensor(np.random.random([10, 2]))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       for doc in docs:
          doc.tensor = torch.tensor(np.random.random([10, 2]))
```
